This is data brought in from facebook message between nikki and scott/sophie

note: favor british spellings :P

We’ve had a chat and we think it may be best if you setup a simple page for us
and then when we sort out a laptop we can edit it easily (with a little help) in
the future. Our business cards are orange and black, something in that colour
scheme would be great. I will look for an example page I like and take from
there if that’s ok with you.

I will do all the write ups ie. what we do, how it works, prices etc and send
those through when it’s done along with a list of things we would like to see on
it

Why choose us

With our extensive experience in all aspects of cooking and front of house in
both commercial and private establishments we have you covered. Nothing is too
big or too small for us and we pride ourselves on our personable service which
provides all the small things that matter as well as the bigger picture. We
understand the need for privacy and guarantee a high level of discretion and
confidentiality when working with all our clients and their guests. The passion
we share and the pride we show in every aspect of our work is unparalleled and
is something we attribute to the fact that we love what we do. If you are
looking for fine dining for your home or holiday look no further and we will
cater to your every need with a smile. 

# How it works

The process is very simple and takes all of the hassle out of catering for
events, holidays or even simple dinner parties. When we receive your enquiry you
can negotiate a price that works for you regarding budgets etc. then sit back
and relax. We will send proposed menus for you to select from or you can tell us
exactly what you want. We will then arrive with everything we need produce the
menu to your exact specifications and dietary requirements keeping it local and
seasonal where required. We can also provide housekeeping, driving and any other
requirements you have to make the experience absolutely carefree for you and
your guests. We then bring the restaurant to you, we will provide table service
and cater to your every need before disappearing into the night leaving no trace
of our presence. We will finally send your itemised invoice via email. 

# What we do

We provide fine dining in the comfort of your own home or we can travel
worldwide with the added option of basic housekeeping to make your holiday that
little bit more special and little bit less stressful. We have over 30 years
combined cooking experience ranging from commercial kitchens and front of house
experience to high end personal service and 12 years at chatsworth house as
personal chef to the duke and duchess of Devonshire. We have catered for many
high profile public figures and royalty including the queen. We have worked
alongside some top chefs including Mary berry and we have also collaborated with
reflections magazine, had recipes published in the telegraph and also in Sarah
ravens book good good food. We currently have regular slots in 2 venues but
availability is always flexible. So if you’re looking to be treated like a king
(or queen) in your own home at a competitive price look no further and you won’t
be disappointed.

# Gallery 10 pics

# Contact details Phone Email Insta


# Testimonials

Guide prices Prices vary dependent on length of booking, number of people and
type of work. All prices are excluding travel costs, accommodation and expenses
where applicable. 

Example menu
